{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The "Arcane Reset" prophecy, propagated by the Nature wizards, foretells of a day when the world's magic will reach its saturation point, causing all magical energies to suddenly dissipate in a massive reset, plunging the world into a dark age of no magic - an end to the current era.\
\
The Nature wizards use this prophecy to justify their 'Great Preparation' scheme. They claim that to ensure the survival of magic and by extension, the functioning of society, they need to collect, control, and store all possible magical resources. These include magical artifacts, enchanted materials, and individuals with a high affinity for magic. They argue that when the "Arcane Reset" occurs, these stockpiled resources will be essential for a quick reestablishment of magical energy in the world, preventing a prolonged age of darkness and despair.\
\
Some cynics believe this is a natural occurring cycle - Not a doomsday and that it ebbs and flows.\
\
The Nature wizards are using the fear of the so-called "Arcane Reset" to amass an enormous amount of magical resources, ostensibly for the 'Great Preparation'. The common folk, as well as other wizards, believe that these resources are being stockpiled to swiftly rebuild the world's magic following the supposed catastrophic event.\
\
However, the astute Aiden begins to sense inconsistencies in the Nature wizards' story. His curiosity piqued and his sense of justice inflamed, Aiden decides to investigate. Through his scrying ability and sharp wit, he discovers that the "Arcane Reset" is not a cyclical phenomenon, nor a catastrophic event. It doesn't exist at all.\
\
The shocking truth that Aiden uncovers is that the amassed resources are not meant for rebuilding magic after a fictitious catastrophe. They are, in fact, being used by the Nature wizards to construct an immense, malevolent machine. \
\
The resources are being used to uncover pieces of This ancient apparatus\
\
This revelation spins Aiden's journey in an entirely new direction. He is no longer merely revealing the falsehood of a doomsday prophecy; he is exposing a malicious plot that threatens to upset the balance of magical power and disrupt the fundamental nature of magic itself. This ups the stakes considerably, turning Aiden's journey into a race against time to stop the Nature wizards and dismantle their dangerous machine.}