{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Considering their powers and roles, the Tower of Nature could make for an intriguing antagonist. They are largely seen as the predictors of the future, something that allows them to influence policy.\
\
The Tower of Nature has gained unprecedented power due to a prophecy that suggests an imminent disaster, an 'End of Days' scenario. With fear and the urgency of prevention on their side, the Tower of Nature has managed to convince the Mage Council and many kingdoms to grant them more power and resources. They're growing stronger, but their methods are becoming more tyrannical and less ethical.\
\
However, something doesn't seem right. Some of the actions taken by the Nature wizards seem more self-serving than necessary for the crisis at hand. This raises suspicions among certain individuals, including our protagonist, Aiden, from the Tower of Scrying.\
\
As Aiden's abilities grow, he begins to unveil hidden truths and secrets through his scrying. He discovers discrepancies in the accounts provided by the Nature wizards about the prophecy and the true extent of their power. Additionally, he starts uncovering evidence of foul play, like missing people and mysterious occurrences, all linked back to the Time wizards.\
\
Unraveling this conspiracy becomes Aiden's main quest in the book, taking him and the readers on a thrilling journey through realities and magical politics. He will need to be careful, though. If the Tower of Nature that someone is onto their plans, Aiden might become a target. He will need allies and should seek assistance from the other towers, possibly revealing similar suspicions they've had but were unable to prove without the Tower of Scrying's capabilities.\
\
This narrative setup offers a deep well of suspense, intrigue, and the potential for exciting plot developments. It sets the stage for Aiden to mature and hone his skills, pushing the boundaries of his magical abilities to their limits to unveil the truth.}