{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The more you B.S. when you are writing a book, the worse the book is.  People have a real tendency with fantasy and thrillers to just make stuff up.  That almost never goes well.  When you research you get a better result and build confidence in what you are writing.  \
With Maximum Ride James did research with biotech people.  Those conversations helped with seeing the possibilities for the story.  Build your credibility.  Different writers have different approaches to how they use research.  Male readers in particular are narrow in what they like and they really want realism, authentic detail.  You can\'92t tell them enough about how a car works and things like that and if you get it wrong you lose those readers who know about what you are talking about.\
Whether it\'92s a kidnapping or a bee-sting, research.  Don\'92t write about the Subway unless you are going on the Subway first.  Know your locations.  If we go somewhere and somebody asks us about that place we will remember a few details.  Don\'92t write about a city without visiting it.  If you are writing a crime scene that takes place in a certain kind of apartment, visit a building that is similar.  \
Conduct interviews.  Try to find out a little about the person before the interview.  Pretty much anything you want to write about is on the internet - but if you are interviewing a verbal person it can be very beneficial.  A non-verbal person not so much.  \'93Do you like being a police officer?  Yes.\'94 Is not helpful.  These are essay questions not short answer.  Research and interviews are actually pretty easy to do - people want to talk to authors.  \
Know your vocations - if your characters have jobs you need to learn how those jobs are done.  Ideally shadow someone.  At the same time, don\'92t be a know-it-all.  Sometimes it feels like authors are dropping their research on you.  In fiction, it is not good to write in omniscient third person.  Limited third person (only things the character knows about) is easier.  And as such, unless your character knows a lot about say architecture - then details from your research about architecture that a normal person would not know - should not be in your book.\
Research has never been easier.  You can easily get at things that used to be really hard to get at.  So you have no excuse to avoid researching.\
}