{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Tower of Scrying: As mentioned, this tower is essential for solving mysteries, locating people or objects, and providing critical information for strategic decisions. They are the eyes and ears of Aeloria, foreseeing and evaluating potential threats. [SQL]\
\
Tower of Nature: Wizards of Nature are crucial for maintaining the balance of the environment and the natural forces of Aeloria. They predict weather patterns, ensure the fertility of lands, and control the population of magical creatures. [Data Analytics]\
\
Tower of Illusion: Illusion wizards serve multiple purposes. They can create intricate illusions to protect Aeloria from attacks, disguising and hiding essential aspects of the realm. They're also entertainers and artists, creating breathtaking spectacles and scenes for the enjoyment of the populace. [JS]\
\
Tower of Summoning: Wizards from this tower are able to summon resources and entities from other realms. They can bring forth rare elements for other towers to use, summon powerful allies in times of need, and also act as a bridge for co [AI]\
\
Central Tower:  \
\
Each of these towers would serve a purpose in the day-to-day functioning of the magical world as well as in times of crises, making every tower's skill set important and unique in its own way. The narrative possibilities are endless with each tower's specialty adding a unique flavor to the story.\
\
}