{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Inter-Tower Politics: Given their unique abilities and roles, there could be rivalries and disputes among the towers. For instance, the Tower of Time and the Tower of Scrying could have a longstanding disagreement over whether it's ethical to foresee and potentially change future outcomes. The Tower of Illusion and the Tower of Transformation might clash over the legitimacy of their craft - illusion wizards seeing transformation as "destructive", and transformation wizards regarding illusions as "deception".\
\
Intra-Tower Politics: Within each tower, there could be power struggles for the position of the 'High Wizard' or tower head. Younger wizards might feel their ideas and methods are overlooked in favor of old traditions. Some wizards could be secretly plotting against others to gain more influence or power.\
\
Wizards vs. Humans: Regular humans might harbor resentment towards wizards for having such extraordinary powers and influence. They might perceive wizards as aloof and disconnected from the struggles of common folk. On the other hand, wizards might view humans as short-sighted or limited in understanding the broader implications of magic and the balance it maintains.\
\
Kingdom Politics: The rulers of different kingdoms might try to win favor from certain towers to use their powers for personal or political gains. There could be alliances and conflicts between kingdoms based on their affiliations with different towers.\
\
The Wizard Council: This council, composed of representatives from each tower, could be the central governing body. However, it might be riddled with politics as each tower tries to push its agenda, causing gridlocks and conflicts. Some towers might feel underrepresented or marginalized.\
\
The Hidden Faction: A group of rogue wizards might disagree with the towers' structure and control over magic. They could be building a secret movement to disrupt the current order and establish a new system where magic is accessible to all, not just the gifted ones.}