{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 I. The Village\
\
Aiden's peaceful life is tucked away in a serene village near the sea. The air is filled with the earthy scent of the countryside and the distant murmur of the nearby ocean, occasionally interrupted by the joyful peal of children's laughter or the rhythmic clinking of a blacksmith's hammer.\
Aiden wakes to find his family hard at work in their bakery.  Aiden\'92s brother is stressed and working very hard.  Aiden teases him, and his mother chastises him citing the great preparation and pointing out that he could help more instead of read.  \
Aiden ducks out of the house and goes down to see Ava.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
PRIOR TO THE SCENE\
\
\
Aiden's family is a central part of this community tapestry. His parents, warm and hardworking, run the local bakery, well-loved for their freshly baked bread and mouthwatering pastries. Every dawn, they knead and shape dough into delicious creations, their small shop filled with the aroma of yeast and oven warmth.\
\
Aiden's older brother, Garret, is a vital part of the bakery, his dedication matching that of their parents.  With his large, capable hands, he helps knead the dough and stoke the fires. His affable nature makes him popular among the villagers. Garret is content with the simplicity of their life and is set to inherit the family bakery.\
\
Aiden on the other hand is a voracious reader who craves a life of adventure more than the life of a baker.  He reads stories by candlelight of a stealthy hero spy.  And this is what ultimately led him to apprentice with the candlemaker.\
\
Aiden shares a close relationship with Garret. They may have different dreams, but their bond as brothers remains strong. Garret often teases Aiden about his meticulous candle-making methods and his blossoming romance with Ava, while Aiden good-naturedly mocks Garret's constant appetite and his inability to remember the names of Ava\'92s herbs. Despite their banter, they hold a deep respect for each other, with Garret always standing up for Aiden's choice to apprentice at the candle shop instead of joining the family bakery.\
\
In this way, Aiden's simple life is sketched out, laying a firm foundation for the narrative journey ahead. His connection to his family, the difference in dreams between him and his brother, and his budding romance all serve to endear him to the reader before the tranquil rhythm of his life is disrupted.}