{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 If you write something mediocre, chances are it won\'92t get published.  The only two ways to not write something mediocre is if the idea for the book itself is tremendous or you have created a character or characters who see the world in such a fresh way that the character can sell the book.  People need to love or hate your character SO MUCH.  And that is only possible if the character\'92s WORLD VIEW makes an impression.  \
What goes into a character?  Who in your life do you find interesting?  Why are they interesting?  What about you?  Are you religious?  Are you overweight?  What does that mean for your life - what little ticks does that give you?  What fits your main character and is relevant to your story?  When you figure out something about the character that is exactly right you get excited.\
Make a complex hero that people want to read about.  There should be a flaw.  Also make a complex villain.  It has to be a worthy opponent.  They need to be clever.  They need to be able to surprise the reader.  Reader\'92s ethics and morals will fade away if they are really digging the villain.\
What\'92s interesting is readers will know more about your main characters than they know about people in their own lives - in some cases more than they know about their spouses - in terms of history, how they think, etc.  This is why people love novels, it\'92s intimate.  But only if you create it.  This character won\'92t be the most important person in their lives but they should be someone they know so well they will never forget them.}