{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 People will always ask the stupid question \'93Where do I come up with my stories.\'94  You can write a story about anything.  Sometimes a specific scene or concept catches your eye.  The idea of \'93Women\'92s Murder Club\'94 came from James noticing in business that women are more collaborative than men are.  He found that interesting and lacking in the world of detective fiction.  So the idea of four women coming together chatting about cases and collaborate on solving  mysteries was born.\
Honeymoon started with the idea of a woman who is a bigamist.  The book opens with a couple having a beautiful day together - and then she has to go off on a business trip, goes to Boston to a brownstone, and then she walks in and says Honey I\'92m home.  She has two husbands.  We come to find out she kills, she is a black widow Bigamist which is even more interesting.  James himself was hooked on this story.  Then we introduce an FBI agent who finds the insurance settlements peculiar.  And he is a clever dude, but she is irresistible and he falls for her slowly in a believable way.  He knows it\'92s stupid beyond belief but he falls for her and begins to believe her that these are accidents.  And now we have the makings of a great story - and where is it going to go?\
James was working at an ad agency after school, and there was a book about how to come up with ideas.  15 years into his time at the agency he actually read the book - and it was terrific.  The author wrote about how rare it is that a person comes up with a novel idea out of nowhere - normally people put together ideas that haven\'92t been put together yet - creating something original.  \
But in order for that to happen you must learn about a lot of things.  If you know about movies, video games, and beer it will be very difficult to be creative because you don\'92t have a wide universe of stimulation.  The more worldly you are the greater your ability to be combine ideas and be creative.\
If you want to make money writing, it is important to have a hook that makes people go \'93tell me more\'94 or \'93that\'92s really cool.\'94  Books without a catchy idea need an extremely compelling character and a very good writer.  Books with catchy ideas can be more leisurely and lean on the idea more.\
Writers are known for waking up in the middle of the night and writing things down - or writing things down after taking drugs.  The reality is you will remember your good ideas in the morning - so if you remember it then you can write it down.  It is smart to keep an idea folder of these ideas and others that occur to you.\
The trick to writing a bestseller is the ability to have a good gut and be emotional about an idea but also step back and ask \'93but is it a book.\'94  This can\'92t really be taught - but you can be aware of it.  Don\'92t invest into things that aren\'92t whole story.  Don\'92t invest in the ghost of a book. \
 }