{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 II.  Ava\
\
The sun is just beginning to cast its first rays over the village, casting a golden hue over the sleepy hamlet. Aiden, having finished his morning chores at home, makes his way towards the river, where he knows Ava will be gathering herbs for the day.\
\
Upon reaching the riverbank, he finds Ava already engrossed in her work. Her hands move with practiced ease, plucking herbs and gently placing them into her woven basket. On seeing Aiden, her face lights up. "You're early today," she remarks, her voice as soothing as the river's song.\
\
They spend a few moments in companionable silence, Aiden helping Ava with her gathering. Then, as if remembering something, Ava suddenly grows quiet. Aiden, noting her change in mood, looks at her quizzically.\
\
"It's just..." she begins, struggling to find the right words. "Have you heard about the 'Great Preparation'?"\
\
Aiden nods, remembering the vague mentions of it in the village. "Something about prioritizing the orders from the Tower of Nature, right?" he asks, unsure.\
\
"Yes," Ava confirms, a tinge of worry in her eyes. "They say it's due to a prophecy...a foretelling of some sort of disaster. Everyone is anxious. Even Mother\'92s orders for herbs have increased substantially."\
\
She shakes her head slightly, her gaze distant. "I don't understand it all, Aiden. But something doesn't feel right.\'94\
\
Their conversation is interrupted by the call of a distant bird, signaling the time for Aiden to head to the candle shop. With a final shared glance, they part ways \'96 Ava to her herbs and Aiden to his craft, both carrying with them a sense of unease about the impending changes their village is facing.\
\
PRIOR TO THE SCENE\
Ava, the village herbalist's dynamic and perceptive daughter, has been a fixture in Aiden's life since childhood. With her waves of chestnut hair and eyes reflecting the tranquil hue of the river, she is a living testament to their homeland's beauty. She navigates a world of therapeutic herbs and healing concoctions, her evenings filled with prayers to the Earth \'96 a universe that has always intrigued Aiden.\
\
Their relationship is a woven tapestry of shared dreams, hearty laughter, good-natured banter, and a subtly blossoming affection. While Aiden tends to be more reserved, Ava is an open book. Her fondness for Aiden is evident in her radiant smiles, thoughtful gestures, and the spark that lights her eyes when she looks at him.\
\
Aiden and Ava spend many tranquil evenings together in her verdant garden. As twilight unfurls its calm, they find solace among the whispering herbs. Aiden assists Ava with the plants, his curiosity piqued by her vast knowledge and the reverence she shows towards nature's healing powers.\
\
It is during these intimate moments that Ava's feelings for Aiden become particularly pronounced. The affectionate glances she casts his way as they share stories under the stars, the fleeting touches as they exchange garden tools, and her unwavering interest in his work in the candle shop are clear indications of her deep-seated affection.\
\
One memorable evening, Ava gifts Aiden a candle infused with a rare herb. "For a brighter light and pleasant dreams," she murmurs, a soft blush tinting her cheeks. Aiden accepts the gift, their fingers brushing momentarily, his heart catching at the tender sentiment. His warm smile of gratitude makes Ava's heart flutter in response.\
\
Through Ava, we explore a character who embodies courage and love, unafraid to express her feelings. Her palpable affection for Aiden encourages him to gradually acknowledge his own emotions, adding a hint of sweet romance to their intertwined narrative.}