{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 A story is about revealing character.  In a thriller it is about how will that character react in a very dramatic situation.  Character is revealed through action.  Try to write every chapter as if it is the first chapter in the book.  We pay a lot of attention to these first chapters because they are very important.   \
Write a story not a collection of pretty lines.  Don\'92t set out to write a book - set out to write a number one book.  You need a number one story idea.  Don\'92t write a single chapter that doesn\'92t move the story forward.  \

\f1\b Leave out all the parts that readers would want to skim.  
\f0\b0 They will skim stuff - if you find yourself writing that - take it out.  Try to write for a single reader who is sitting across the desk from you and you don\'92t want them to get up until they finish.  If you are smart you will make that reader a woman - women buy 70% of the books.\
Condense your plot into something that is manageable very quickly.  Take 
\f2\i The Great Gatsby
\f0\i0 :\
1. Gatsby has everything that anyone could ever dream of except love.  \
2. Gatsby gets love\
3. Gatsby loses love and thus loses everything\
That\'92s 
\f2\i The Great Gatsby\
"A plot need not be turned into a story any more than a sketch of a scene need be turned into a picture. It is a sketch, not a picture, though, unless the figures in it are bound by some law of causation. The king died, and then the queen died, is a story. The king died, and then the queen died of grief, is a plot." - E.M. Forster\

\f0\i0 You will hear from your editor that the stakes need to be raised.  What that means is that what is at risk or what can be gained for the character is so significant that the reader feels it emotionally.\
If there are no worthy adversaries, then the reader just knows the good guys will win and there are no stakes there.  High stakes must always be a piece of the puzzle.\
You must create conflict.  Conflict is the key to drama.  No conflict = no drama.  Even if your character isn\'92t that heroic he needs a worthy villain or puzzle to contend with.  The puzzle must be as hard for the reader to solve as the character.  Or if you use a villain, the villain must be worthy and perhaps even cleverer or better than your protagonist.  \
Another kind of conflict is a love story.  There things that make the relationship untenable are the puzzle that your characters must contend with.  This could be inner demons, or external circumstances that threaten the relationship.\
If you have villains in your book they must be worthy opponents.  One way to approach this is a \'93who did it\'94 where you never see the villain until the end.  The other is to introduce the villain earlier but then he has to be fascinating and three dimensional.  Most villains are not worthy opponents and readers know they will be defeated in a way that isn\'92t that interesting.  If the \'93chase\'94 is not interesting then readers will not continue.\
Build in Surprises.  You won\'92t be able to surprise people in every scene \'97 but the reader needs to feel twists and surprises that keep the story from lagging.  Some writers use these more than others, but it is a great device to keep the interest.  \
Less is more - as you map out the story stick to the nuggets of the story.  Be able to tell the story in 10 minutes - that is the core of your story.  You will flesh out the characters and narrative of course for the book, but if you can\'92t tell the story in 10 minutes and it be interesting then there isn\'92t a book here.}