{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The blank page is the enemy.  In the movies they often show this.  They show somebody writing the first line, crossing it out, again and again.  But there is a reality to the blank page being troubling\

\f1\b The solution is to freight train through the first draft.  It should take 1 month.
\f0\b0   There are times where it flows out and you think it\'92s great and times where you force it out and it feels flat.  It doesn\'92t matter.  Freight train through the first draft.  If the chapter isn\'92t working, put TK and get it in the next draft.  
\f1\b Freight train through.
\f0\b0 \
Write 7 days a week.  James gets up early in the morning, has a cup of coffee reads the paper and then writes.  Writing could be outlining.  James writes in pencil on a yellow legal pad on every other line, and has his assistant type it up for him.  His assistant types it triple space so he can write between the lines on his next draft.  That way he does his second draft in no time.  James will golf in between writing sessions.  He writes, golfs, writes, has lunch, then writes again.  \

\f1\b It\'92s useful to be able to tune out your environment and write anywhere.  The best way to be able to do this is to practice it.
\f0\b0   It\'92s not a matter of write anywhere its the ability to concentrate and to start writing on a whim and actually do it.  Multi-tasking isn\'92t the answer the answer is focused concentration and it\'92s even better if you can do it anywhere any time.\
If you need a break take a break.  Take a week and don\'92t write.  Put your mind somewhere else to stop the neurosis.  Go to the movies.  Take writing seriously, you probably aren\'92t writing Ulysses but take it seriously.  Practice, Practice, Practice.  Even if it isn\'92t that good yet - you are putting in your 10,000 hours and practicing.  The more you write the better you get.  There is a threshold level you have to get too and most people can get their.}