{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green49\blue64;\red245\green245\blue246;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c97255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat6\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Legal Dominance:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Emergency Powers: The Tower of Nature seeks a change in law that grants them emergency powers during crisis times - powers that would effectively make them the governing body of Aeloria.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Wizard Legislation: They could be pushing for a law that requires all major decisions (political, military, economic) to be approved by a Nature wizard, under the pretext of ensuring alignment with the natural order.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Anti-Illusion Law: They could be advocating for stringent restrictions or outright bans on the use of illusion magic, claiming it distorts the natural order and hastens the prophecy.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Realm Restrictions: They may be working to pass a law limiting the Tower of Summoning's ability to contact other realms, arguing that these interactions risk attracting unwanted attention or even accelerating the prophecy.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Scrying Controls: The Tower of Nature might propose that all scrying activities be regulated and monitored by them to ensure they're used responsibly and not exacerbating the crisis.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Resource Acquisition:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Magical Resources: They could be plotting to take control of rare magical resources, claiming that these are essential for their rituals to prevent the prophecy.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Labor Force: The Tower could be seeking to conscript a significant portion of the population under the guise of preparing for the prophecy, essentially gaining a large workforce.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Land Acquisition: They could aim to seize control of vast lands, justifying that they need more space for magical experiments, or to cultivate unique plants used in their rituals.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Control of Gold Reserves: The Tower might be working to amass large amounts of gold under the premise of funding efforts to avert the prophecy, providing them with vast wealth.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strategic Sites: They could be seeking control over strategic sites like ports, mines, and fortresses, claiming they're necessary for defensive measures against the forthcoming doom.\cb1 \
}