{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The most common mistake young writers make is THEY DON\'92T DO AN OUTLINE.  
\f1\b Do not just wing it.
\f0\b0   
\f1\b You will do a better book in less time if you do an outline.  
\f0\b0 James does 3-6 drafts of an outline.\
Everything should be in the outline.  The arcs of the characters and villains should be in the outline and the villains should be complex.  Put in as much juicy stuff as you can.  Someone who reads the outline should think the book has a ton of promise because the scenes are so rich.  \
Focus on the story.  The only time you will ever truly face the blank page is when you start the outline.  And it isn\'92t that daunting because when you write an outline you aren\'92t even thinking about sentences.  You are thinking just about the story.  We all know how to tell stories - we do it all the time.  Write the story don\'92t write sentences.\
Once you have the idea that you love - just start writing scenes down.  You don\'92t have to go in order - you can organize the scenes later.  But write the scenes like you are playing a movie in your head.  You won\'92t keep all your scenes.  But start by just writing a one to two description of each scene.  Writing possible scenes down and organizing it can take 2 weeks - and then we flesh them out a little - NOT A LOT.  We turn them into 1-2 paragraph descriptions of scenes in an organized order over the course of 3-5 drafts of the outline.  This whole process can take 1-2 months.\
If there is a mystery one of the keys to the outline is pacing when you reveal aspects of the mystery.  Don\'92t write yourself into a corner.  Intentionally write some twists and see what that does to the story - this is MUCH better to do at the outline stage.\
Edit, Edit, Edit.  Put notes to yourself while you are working on the outline.  What does this scene need to make the reader feel?  A great outline you can sell to a customer.\
Try a character focused approach.  One way to break down your outline is what happens to this character across the length of the story.  Be thorough - if someone reads the outline they should say \'93I get this book, I feel the twists, I understand why these characters are going to work.\'94  Then as you write it, it hopefully gets even better.}