{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Aiden stepped into the dimly lit room, his heart pounding in his chest. The air was thick with anticipation and a sense of ancient power. His eyes were immediately drawn to a large, round mirror resting on an ornate wooden pedestal. The surface of the mirror shimmered slightly, like still water waiting for a ripple.\
\
Master Elias, his mentor, stood by the pedestal, his old eyes twinkling with a strange, secretive light. "It's time, Aiden," he said, his voice echoing in the silence. He reached into the folds of his robes and pulled out an object. As he placed it on a small table next to the mirror, Aiden's breath hitched.\
\
It was a rectangular slab of polished obsidian, about the size of a parchment, glinting softly in the subdued light. The black surface was embedded with dozens of tiny, luminous symbols, each one unique, glowing with a gentle, otherworldly light. The Glyph Array. It was more beautiful and mysterious than Aiden had ever imagined.\
\
Aiden hesitated before stepping forward, his gaze fixed on the Array. As he neared, the symbols on the Glyph Array seemed to hum softly, welcoming him, their ethereal glow reflecting in his wide, awestruck eyes.\
\
The myriad of symbols beckoned him - a complex language of the Astral Plane inscribed in stone. He slowly reached out and gently touched one of the glowing glyphs. It brightened under his touch, a ripple of light cascading across the obsidian surface. Simultaneously, the symbol appeared in the mirror, suspended in the reflective surface as if floating in mid-air.\
\
Aiden felt a thrill of excitement. He could sense the immense potential of the Glyph Array. Each symbol was a key, a command that could navigate the Astral Plane, each combination of symbols forming a unique question or query. And the mirror... it was the gateway, the response point, the terminal where the Astral Plane would send back its visions.\
\
This was scrying, he realized, an intricate dance of glyphs and mirrors, reflections and visions. His heart pounded with anticipation and a hint of fear. This was his beginning, his initiation into the world of scrying. It was time to delve deeper, to learn the syntax of this arcane language, to unravel the mysteries of the Astral Plane.\
\
It was time to become a true Scrying wizard.}