{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \'93You are lucky in life if you find something you love.  It\'92s a miracle if someone will pay you to do it.\'94\
When you start doing this - if you don\'92t love it you won\'92t finish the book or outline.  And that\'92s OK - if that happens it is telling you that you like this and are interested but are not 
\f1\i passionate 
\f0\i0 about it.  \
If you are passionate about writing you won\'92t be able to help yourself - you will finish the book.  At Vanderbilt, James Patterson\'92s professor told him he was very good and told him he could go all the way as an author.  James spent a week at a Trappist Monastery in total silence thinking about his choice of vocation before committing.\
He then gets a job in advertising to pays the bill while waking up at 5am to write for 2 hours before work.  So he would write from 5am-7am every single day and then work.  The hard part wasn\'92t forcing himself to write - writing truly was his passion.  The hard part was getting up at 5am.  But he forced himself to do it every day.  
\f2\b You need to force yourself to write for an hour a day - a half hour isn\'92t enough.  Find a consistent time each day.
\f0\b0     Once it becomes a routine in your life it will be joyful and you won\'92t have to think about it much.\
James grew up in a little river town where there wasn\'92t a hell of a lot to do.  His grandfather would take him once a week on his delivery route - delivering products to stores.  So they would pack up the truck at 4am and go on the delivery route.  During the route he would sing songs from the era.  He had a terrible voice.  But he said to James:  \
\'93Jim, whether you become the president or just drive a truck like I do - all that matters is that when you are going to work you are singing.  If it is all pain - there is something wrong.  Tty to fix it.\'94\
James Patterson\'92s first novel,\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Thomas Berryman Number,\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0  won best novel - after it was turned down by 31 publishers.  That means rather objectively, 31 publishers were all wrong.  He could have stopped after 5 publishers and said \'93they know what they are doing\'94 - but they didn\'92t know what they are doing.  They were wrong.  \
In the intro to that book it says - \'93James Patterson wrote a million words before he wrote The Thomas Berryman number.\'94  It is all driven by passion.  \
Some people succeed with their first book, some don\'92t.  James did not - his first book was not published.  He then took off for a little while, and wrote The Thomas Berryman Number.  Every short story he ever sent out - anywhere he sent it - was rejected.  But he kept moving forward and you should be prepared to do so as well.}